Added missing pages & descriptions to index.md (#117)
scarf-sh/docs: docs/index.md

## Documentation Sections Overview

1. **[Getting Started Checklist](/getting-started-checklist):** Preview the high-level Scarf set up process.
2. **[Quick Start](/quick-start):** Jumpstart your journey with Scarf. A concise guide to get you up and running with our platform quickly.
3. **[Scarf Gateway](/gateway):** Understand the nuances of Scarf's secure and powerful gateway.
4. **[Organizations](/organizations):** Learn how to manage and collaborate with your teams within Scarf's platform.

> 5. **[Packages](/packages):** Delve into the specifics of working with various package types, such as Docker, npm, Python, Hackage, and more. Learn about API Endpoints, Custom Events, Helm Charts, and Repository details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **[Packages](/packages):** Delve into the specifics of working with various Scarf package types, such as Docker, Helm, npm, Python, and more.
```

6. **[Scarf SDKs](/package-analytics):** Discover how our Software Development Kits (SDKs) can accelerate your development process.

> 7. **[Documentation Insights (Pixels)](/web-traffic):** Uncover insights about your product's usage through Scarf's innovative pixel tracking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. **[Documentation Insights (Pixels)](/web-traffic):** Uncover insights about your product's usage and onboarding through Scarf's cookie-free pixel tracking.
```
